Update the Credentials class (#435)
auth0/Auth0.Android: V2_MIGRATION_GUIDE.md

- `UsersAPIClient` can no longer be constructed from a `Context`. Use UsersAPIClient(auth0: Auth0, token: String)` instead. You can create an instance of `Auth0` using a `Context`.
- `SignupRequest` now requires the second parameter to be an `AuthenticationRequest`.
- `ProfileRequest` now requires an `AuthenticationRequest` and a `Request<UserProfile, AuthenticationException>`.

> - `Credentials` can no longer be constructed with an "expires in" value. The date of expiration or "expires at" should be given instead. You typically won't be constructing Credentials on your own.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `Credentials` can no longer be constructed with an "expires in" value. The date of expiration or "expires at" should be given instead. It is not expected for an instance of this class to be constructed by consumers of this SDK.
```
